uefi-shell: Add UEFI Shell (#8)
Dasharo/osfv-test-data: uefi-shell/README.md

# UEFI Shell application

Due to security concerns, UEFI Shell is no longer shipped with Dasharo

> as inbuilt component. Instead, to keep usefullness of UEFI Shell, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as built-in component. Instead, to keep usefullness of UEFI Shell, we
```

Author: https://github.com/Dasharo/osfv-test-data/compare/e865b1487a42f8d61bdf051a255e6d10a6803930..c1a2834debdb16c4cefe4a2583307617
